Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Go on, Chris. Please take me.
You've gotta be 16 for this one.
I look 16. I definitely do.
Is loan going to be there?
Mom, I'm leaving.
Have fun. Kisses.
- Bye.
- Have a good time.
Yeah, yeah.
Oi, oi!
- Hurry up and get in.
- There he is.
Cool.
Very nice.
- It's my mum's.
- Really?
Yeah?
That's right. Designated drivers drive.
- Designated drinkers...
- Yeah!
- Right, it's there.
- Thank you.
- Have fun.
- Goodbye.
- Hey!
- Oi, chill.
Watch your fucking self.
Who's that?
- You buyin'?
- Yeah, go on. How much?
Down, down, down!
Down, down, down...
What's happened? What's he done?
What's wrong with you?
Hey.
Got a location?
All right, I'm on my way.
Zoe, why are you here?
I'm here as a mother.
Yes, but as a teacher
you've been suspended.
So, let's not make an issue of this.
Who's doing that?
We're just here to see Tilly.
And you're welcome to stay.
But I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Yeah, okay.
I'm about to lose my temper.
If you wanna find out what that's like,
just keep this up.
'Cause we'll go when we're good and ready.
So, back off.
Step aside, please?
Let us see. Thanks.
Yeah, okay, it's Chris Chahal.
You okay?
Yeah.
I was just thinking
since there's no sign of Jenny,
we should probably search the reservoir
for her.
Yes. Yeah, yeah, of course.
And it's an across-the-board
news blackout
until we have spoken to the parents.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Zoe, can we come in, please?
Oh, no.
No, it's not possible.
- Zoe.
- No.
- No, please don't say. No.
- Mr. Chahal, can we come in?
- What is this?
- No, don't let them say it.
- Zoe.
- I don't want to hear it.
Don't you dare say it!
It would be better if we came inside.
I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear it!
No, please don't tell me that!
Hello?
Yes, hi. My name's Tom Delaney,
and I'd like to speak
with someone, please.
Do you have an appointment?
No, but my inquiry shouldn't take long.
It's Dr. Tom Delaney.
Hi.
Tom Delaney.
Is it possible
to see one of your managers?
Concerning?
Well, Jasmine Hall.
Well, yes. In regard to what?
Are you a member of a care team?
A relative of a patient?
No.
Sir, we need to know
the purpose of your visit.
This is a secure unit.
Of course.
Uh, my daughter, Jenny, 16 years old,
has gone missing,
and, in a note, she mentioned this place.
Well, I assume it was this place.
That's what I'm trying to establish.
Maybe someone's seen her?
Has she visited anyone here?
Bear with me.
Hey! What the hell
do you think you're doing?
One more thing.
I have to ask one of you to make
a formal identification of Chris' body.
I'm sorry.
I'll do it.
No.
Is there anyone else
you'd prefer to do this for you?
Together.
Yes?
Can we do it now?
You can, yeah.
That's all from us now
on this Wednesday lunchtime.
Marcus, how's the weather looking?
No news is good news.
- What's happened?
- Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
Life is returning to normal. That's all.
So, keep giving it the... Yeah?
Just do it with a smile.
Tom.
I'm due in theater. I'm just...
Jenny?
Sweetheart?
I had a feeling she'd been back.
So much for feelings.
What?
Chris Chahal's body was found
at Whitdon Reservoir this morning.
But we don't yet know the cause of death.
Preliminary inspection suggests drowning.
And we are searching the reservoir.
But there's no need to think
that anything's happened to Jenny.
Dead how long?
It's too early to say.
- Rough guess.
- Why?
'Cause the night of the party,
after the party, Jenny was alive.
I know she was.
I've seen the CCTV footage.
She caught the train to visit this guy
in the city, and she was on her own.
- Visit what guy?
- He owns a bar called...
Well, you were at school with him.
He went out with Rachel.
Bobby.
- No, Archie Roberts. Sorry.
- Archie Roberts?
Yeah, Rachel's boyfriend, right.
Well, hardly. I mean,
maybe at school, sort of. I mean...
I haven't seen or heard from him...
Wait, he owns a bar?
Heaven Lounge, yeah.
Sorry, Jenny went to see him why?
I don't know why.
He wasn't there.
That's not what's important.
What I'm saying is she was alive
when, maybe, Chris was already dead.
I'm just trying to keep her alive.
There's nothing to indicate
that she isn't. Nothing at all.
And for what it's worth,
we do get feelings about this.
I think she's still out there.
So, you need to keep the faith, all right?
I do need to ask, though, if I can take
something away to sample her DNA.
It's Pete.
Can I look in her room?
Yeah.
Hey.
Tom, where are you?
Yeah, sorry.
Can I give the Hutchings boy his pre-med?
- The Hutchings boy.
- The kid is never well enough.
This time he is. Come on, mate.
This is our window.
There may not be another.
Pre-med in 15. I'm almost there.
Sophie?
Sorry, I have to dash.
I'm wanted in theater.
- I should be there now.
- Okay.
Are you sure you should be going to...
- Hey, how's it going?
- Yeah.
The Chahals are doing the ID
with the liaison officer now.
Has the pathologist arrived?
Ready and waiting.
Leave them to it,
and meet me at the station, okay?
I've got new information
on Jenny Delaney.
So, her father's been looking for her.
Now, he says she went to the Heaven Lounge
bar in Amberton after the party.
Says he's seen CCTV footage of the bar.
Let's check that out.
And also see if we can pick her up
and track her from the CCTV
from the station, yeah?
On it.
Emma, pull up the other photos
from the crime scene, please?
Thanks.
There you go.
Take me through them.
You tell me what you see.
Let's go.
Come on. Analyze.
There's some... discoloration.
Some slight abrasions.
Bruising.
So...
I'm sorry.
I didn't transfer here
because of a bad break-up.
I transferred because a colleague...
a fellow officer,
was killed in a hit-and-run.
We'd set up a checkpoint.
And the first car slowed.
It was about to stop.
And as this officer stepped forward...
it just ran him down and raced off.
He was killed outright and...
Weeks later, even now, I...
You're still struggling.
I thought if I moved away...
And it felt good,
coming here. I...
I was doing okay.
But when I saw
Chris Chahal's face this morning, I...
Okay, Emma, listen.
- I want you...
- Please don't send me home.
Please keep me on the case.
I want you to see the force psychologist.
If you can use them
without hiding, they help.
But you have to want it.
Open up, okay?
Good, 'cause we need you.
Take your time, yeah?
Okay.
We'll have a nice barbie
this evening.
Why don't you marinade some chicken?
Do you think we should?
Lauren... sweetheart.
What would we be doing
if none of this had happened, huh?
Having a nice barbecue by the pool.
Being our usual flaunt-it-all selves.
It's hiding indoors
that attracts attention.
So, marinade.
So, what's going on?
Jenny's boyfriend, Chris, is dead.
Drowned.
Whitdon Reservoir.
Nothing on Jenny.
Damn.
Yeah.
And I went back to Jasmine Hall.
- I got thrown out of Jasmine Hall.
- For what?
I was looking for Jenny's name...
What?
Hey.
- You were at that party last Saturday.
- Eh?
At Sia Marshall's place.
- My daughter was there.
- I know nothing about that.
Jenny Delaney.
I've just had my fucking leg cast off.
I wasn't anywhere Saturday.
Sorry.
- What was that about?
- I thought I...
When you picked up Jenny at the party,
- did you see that guy?
- I don't know.
Hang on.
I told you to come to this party...
It's him.
The guy with the plaster, right?
Tom?
Orthopedics.
Hi.
You just took the leg plaster
off this guy.
- Who is he? What's his name?
- I can't give you that!
Hi, how are you doing?
We just saw the guy get into a cab,
clutching his leg.
I went, "Whoa, DVT! They're gonna have
a malpractice suit on their hands."
That is a pulmonary embolism
waiting to happen.
Got it!
How about that?
It's like nothing happened.
Thank you and goodbye!
What?
The water in Chris Chahal's lungs
is chlorinated.
He didn't drown in the reservoir?
No. And the party was the last place
he was seen alive.
At the Marshalls'.
Which has a swimming pool.
Hello?
What is going on?
Life returns to normal.
Can I get out? 'Cause I'm actually cold.
Do this properly. Do some lengths.
Why not have a swim before we eat?
What do you fancy?
We got chicken. We got...
They've found him.
We say nothing, all right?
Nothing at all.
We can't do that...
We don't have our story straight!
Just do as you're told
for once in your life!
We'll use the lawyers.
I'll get us the best.
You, don't say a fucking word!
Okay?
They're in the back garden.
Mr. Marshall!
Or Mrs. Marshall,
or Sia, could you open
the front door, please?
Stay where you are.
I'm talking to our lawyers,
and until we're advised otherwise,
we have nothing to say.
- Why don't we save our breath?
- I saw the body.
Sia!
- I live across there.
- Over there, please.
They did this. Coshed me.
- They coshed me.
- Don't listen to him.
- He's a fantasist.
- They tied me up in the shower room,
kept me there for hours,
and then they made threats.
And she is the worst.
We're exercising our right
to remain silent.
About what, Mr. Marshall?
'Course, the address he gives
is not necessarily where he lives.
Thanks for being here.
Here we go.
This is near where Rachel worked.
That's it, down the end.
- You remember Rachel's office?
- Yeah.
Take a look.
Dr. Delaney?
Yes. Hi.
Sorry. Yeah.
Young guy on a bike just came in?
- Scott.
- Been and gone. Out back.
- I'll drive round.
- Okay.
Scott comes here?
Used to. I mean, we hadn't seen him
since Rachel died, but...
After what you said about this...
You were right. It was a shrine.
So, we cleared it out,
and we offered some of her things
to kids who connected with her.
And I wasn't expecting it,
but Scott's just turned up.
He wanted to have something of Rachel's.
Is this what's left?
Yeah, that's just everything we thought
would be of interest to Jenny and Carrie.
And yourself, of course.
Is it all right if I...
Of course. Yeah.
How's it going?
Couldn't see him.
I'm back outside his flat.
Want me to stay here?
Well, I'm just checking
through Rachel's things for...
anything on Jasmine Hall,
or some hint about Jenny.
Okay. Walk over when you're done.
Will do.
Gimme some!
- You are dazzling.
- Smile!
Baby, baby.
- Get in closer.
- You're blocking my view.
- Cheers!
- You can't see me!
Baby, baby!
Mr. Marshall.
My client has stated that he does not
wish to make a statement at this moment.
I know he doesn't have to say anything.
But just so we all
completely understand the situation...
The body of a young man,
last seen alive at your house,
at your daughter's party,
has been found at Whitdon reservoir.
He has chlorinated water in his lungs.
You have a swimming pool.
We've taken samples.
Your neighbor says he saw you
with the body of a young man
at your house yesterday.
He says you and your family
then attacked and imprisoned him.
How's this all looking?
Because, as the prime suspect
in a murder investigation,
I'd get a second opinion
on staying silent.
Pathologist says the discoloration
on Chris Chahal's neck
is bruising consistent with a struggle.
And it matches the time of death.
Is the post-mortem over?
No, not yet.
But the chlorinated water in his lungs
plus this suggests
that he was drowned in the swimming pool
and then moved to the reservoir.
Suggests... Well, I agree.
Well, let's just wait and see
what else comes up, yeah?
Shall we let Chris' parents know?
They'll be telling Tilly.
Could you get an update
from the liaison officer?
What?
This is inside Amberton train station.
- It's Jenny Delaney.
- Keep watching.
Oh, my God, that's Josh.
This was taken
the night Jenny disappeared.
Don't say anything
to anyone else.
Sarge, you need to see these.
Jenny Delaney came back to Chelton
the morning after the party.
There's a chance
she came back to Somerville Acres.
Good work.
Let's see if anyone saw her come home.
We'll do a house-to-house
of the community.
We're thinking that Jenny came back here?
She lives here.
Chris lives here.
So, we knock on doors,
and we see if anyone saw her the morning
after the party, later, whenever.
Do you wanna get them started
down this end?
Sure.
Okay, you were in there.
Can you search through that?
Alex?
These initials, J.H.
Are they anything to do with Jasmine Hall?
Does Jasmine Hall mean anything to you?
Yeah, Rachel was big
on the center being for everyone,
and Jasmine Hall's a psychiatric unit.
And Rachel approached them and said
if any of their patients was well enough
and would benefit from spending time here,
then they were welcome.
Sure.
Of course. Thanks.
Hey! Hey, what is this?
What are you doing?
I think that's illegal entry.
- Who's staying here with you?
- Remind me. Didn't we separate?
A young woman's clothes are in there.
- A friend's, yes.
- I haven't got time for this.
- Is it Jenny?
- What?
I won't repeat myself.
Is it Jenny?
You just repeated yourself.
- Is it Jenny?
- And again.
Fuck, no. Why would it be Jenny?
'Cause I know you've seen her
in the city. I've seen the CCTV,
inside the station.
So you better start talking now.
Okay, yeah, I saw her.
But she was just suddenly there.
Jenny.
Please don't tell anyone you've seen me.
Please.
There's things that people don't know.
And that's all there is to know.
I promise.
I saw her and she asked...
No, she begged me not to tell anyone,
so I didn't.
Tom's out of his mind with worry.
We've all been trying to find her,
and you kept quiet?
You're a prick.
- Yeah.
- So, who does that stuff belong to?
A girl. That's all.
- This girl?
- Yes.
- Oh, fuck.
- No, yeah, but no.
No, hang on. Listen.
I saw her on the train.
She was off her face, asking people
if she could crash on their floor.
These guys were gathering round so...
So you thought you'd help her.
You know what? Okay, fuck you.
Okay, look. Follow me. You too, Stretch.
I'm sleeping here.
I'm helping her out.
I'm being nice.
I can be, you know? Nice.
Track her down. Make sure she's okay.
Where are you?
The other side of the railway arches.
You know the estate?
He's gone in there, mate.
I'm tracking him.
- I'm gonna call you back.
- I'm on my way.
Who's that guy?
Fuck.
Okay... What, what, what?
Oi!
- All right, mate.
- How's it going?
- Yeah, you know...
- Yeah?
Yeah, it's going great.
- Get him!
Fuck!
Get him, man! Get him!
Bring the bike!
Stop him!
Cut him down! Cut him off, man!
Cut him off!
Pete?
What's going on? Where are you?
- Fuck!
- Pete?
Pete, what's going on?
All right, mate. I'm here.
I think I've lost them, but...
But it's getting dicey.
Well, I'm coming to you.
- Where are you?
- There he is!
- What's going on?
- You're on your own now, mate.
- What you doin' around here?
- Okay, come on.
- Who are you, mate?
- You a fucking cop?
Just take the fucking...
- Get him!
- Get him, man!
- Now cut him off, man! Cut him off!
- Go round the back!
Talk to me, Pete!
I've fucked it, mate.
I've gotta get myself out of this one.
Take it!
Pete!
God! Come on!
Okay.
You beauty.
Check it, check it.
That blood better be yours.
Walk away.
Where's Pete?
Fuck off!
My friend, where is he?
I'm Rachel's husband, Scott, okay?
So please just fucking tell me.
My friend is where?
- They stabbed him.
- Stabbed?
How bad? Is he still alive?
Where is he?
How's Tilly?
We're not sure.
We were wondering
if this is connected to Chris.
In a way, yes.
We're making inquiries about Jenny.
- She still hasn't been found?
- No.
But she was with Chris, right?
The minute we have anything concrete,
you will be the first to know. I promise.
A liaison officer told us
to expect the press soon.
We will be issuing a statement, yes.
Pete! Fuck!
Pete!
Hey, stay!
Call an ambulance!
Okay. Okay, pulse.
Stay with me, Pete!
Helen, hi.
We're asking everyone
when they last saw Jenny Delaney.
Why? Has something happened?
Well, she's been reported missing.
Children have so much freedom these days.
Is she in danger?
Well, we found her boyfriend's body today.
So, we're obviously
very worried about her.
- Oh, dear.
- If you see or hear anything...
Yes, of course.
Fuck.
Okay, give me your jacket.
- How long did they say?
- They didn't.
There's so much blood.
Pete! Pete!
Wallet, inside pocket.
Wallet!
Credit card.
Okay, you apply pressure
on this wound here.
Firm, firm.
What we need is to create a seal.
Come on, Pete! Come on!
Come on!
No, no.
Come on.
They said they found his body.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org